Flow control intro sentence (#4719)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

# Flow Control {#flow-control}

Receivers need to limit the amount of data that they are required to buffer, in
order to prevent a fast sender from overwhelming them or a malicious sender from
consuming a large amount of memory.  To enable a receiver to limit memory

> commitment to a connection and to apply back pressure on the sender, streams are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
commitments for a connection, streams are
```

> flow controlled both individually and as an aggregate.  A QUIC receiver controls

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
flow controlled both individually and across a connection.  A QUIC receiver controls
```

Reviewer: Or
```suggestion
flow controlled both individually and across a connection as a whole.  A QUIC receiver controls
```

Reviewer 3: I think what you might want is "as an aggregate spanning a connection", since the "connection" is describing the scope of aggregation, not the streams themselves. In the interest of keeping this less verbose, "as an aggregate" is probably enough. I'll take it as is, but if you feel strongly, I'm happy to do a separate commit for just this.

> the maximum amount of data the sender can send on a stream at any time, as

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the maximum amount of data the sender can send on a stream or connection at any time, as
```

Reviewer 3: I don't think this is correct -- flow control only limits what a sender sends on a stream.

Reviewer 2: This paragraph is discussing stream and connection level flow control, so I think some mention of the latter should be included.  We could say "on a single stream as well as across all streams at any time" if you prefer?

Author: ```suggestion
the maximum amount of data the sender can send on a stream as well as across all streams at any time, as
```
Taking the second suggestion.
